We were brought up in a small town in Saskatchewan. It was friendly. I
Don't think they moved to other places. They stayed right there
One time our father said why do you have to go so far as India? Why can't you preach in Canada?
That was very strict when we were out playing and he came out and called us we had to come immediately
It was strict. Don't question. It's do what you're doing. Do what you're talking and that's right
strict
My father was the one that was interested but he never came in the truth
He enjoyed having witnesses come to our home
But he never ever thought of himself as being one or Jehovah's Witnesses
Coming in the truth, I think
changed our life and we had a different purpose
So that's when we decided well, I guess we should pioneer now too and we only pioneered two years and we were called to Gilead
So then we graduated in 1953
When your application in Gilead one question is are you willing to go any place in the world?
Brother Norah always would say a one-way ticket. So that was on your mind
We were happy to go and if we didn't get back then was okay
And
And then the 13 of us for one month we all went together back to India on a ship
We're a bit nervous because we didn't know just what kind of people we would be meeting or what kind of atmosphere we'd be
Experiencing that's why it was a shock when he landed in Bombay
Because all we could see was people people everywhere and noise
And then they gave us such hot food. We were burning all the way down
And then when we arrived there at missionary home at no furniture and we had to sleep on the floor from quite a few months before the furniture was made
We boiled our water. We filled our water when we went to the market
We've been all our vegetables and fruit home and we washed them with the solution and we were very careful in that respect
It was all a shock to us in many things. Yes
We made up our mind I guess that it's not going to be the same as Canada, we know
We didn't worry about things we had to put up with because we had the joy in the ministry
The society wanted us to get the joy booklet out and we had to just stand on the street with this carton of a literature and just keep calling out to the people and
Everybody would take it and they were so appreciative. Yeah, they were appreciative. Yeah
In those days, we had to put in 150 hours
And in South India, after four women were not out
So we had to get all our time in early in the morning and work right through till four o'clock. Sure did
We were using the Malayalam language and the children repeated what we said
They run ahead and tell people what we were talking about and they'd all yell
Madama, Madama, white woman, white woman and we had many studies in
We enjoyed the ministry and we enjoyed the hospitality
Be with the brothers and go to their homes and eat their food and do things the way they do things
So we had to make India our home
We lived in India about 50 years and
And then the news came that we had to leave. So that's why the governing body said well you go to Canada branched in
Well, it's like culture shock too. Yeah, it has to be so many years in India. A lot of things we had to sort of adjust here now
I'm working down in the laundry
Foley same folding and folding till we fall in
Oh
We always tell the younger ones to be in the full-time service serving Jehovah but this we think is a wonderful life to choose
It's good for the young people to learn when they're young like that and no doubt they'll make progress in the truth, too
Glad we started pioneering and moved about. Yeah, we lacked nothing really nothing to complain about